You wander past the storefronts of various shops, most of them closed for the night. In the few that are still open, the shopkeeps are uncharacteristically inhospitable. Most refuse to engage in conversation and some even refuse to let you inside. Just as you are ready to give up and investigate elsewhere, a myserious object in a shop window catches your attention.

What would at first glance appear to be a novelty candlestick, you instantly recognise as a vital component in rituals just like the one happening at first light tommorow morning. You peer inside the shop and notice the shop keeper still in there, attempting to hide her presence. You walk up to the front door and hammer on it repeatedly until your presence can no longer be ignored.

The woman throws open the door and snarls "We are closed!" You slide your foot between the door and its frame, preventing the shopkeep from closing it. You demand to know where the ritual component had come from. The womans face morphs from anger to sadness, and she breaks down crying in front of you. You inadequately try comforting her, and she eventually gains enough composure to explain herself.

"That item has been in our shop for as long as I can remember. Nobody has ever wanted it until about one month ago, when a man walked in desprate to buy it off me. He then kept going on about a complete set and refused to buy it unless it came with its set. He was offering a lot of money so I went in our records and found who we could order one from. I put in the order for the man and he promised to pick it up and pay when it arrived.

"The full set arrived on a boat 3 days ago, but I did not have time to go collect it until this afternoon. When I did, I was horrified to find the docks in shambles. My friends who worked there were acting like completely different people, and nobody would tell me what was going on. What I ordered was cursed, and I left it on the boat. Now I wish I had not. I am so sorry." You thank the woman and leave her be, heading straight for the dockside.